_Reflective Entry: Zines_

I learned what a zine was for the first time this week. Our readings and experiences with zines, specifically the ones centered about the 
authors’ lives, inspired me to think about what I would write about myself. I’ve recently felt the need for an outlet. Somewhere to 
arrange and record my thoughts, both to help me remember the important ones and so others might understand better how my brain works. 
I’ve always immediately dismissed the idea of an autobiography because of the immense amount of work and content required. In addition, 
I’m not the most eloquent writer and would prefer some sort of medium that acts as an opportunity to spitball. I think a stream of 
thoughts is the most effective method of reflection for me. So that’s what I’m choosing to do below: write my ideas of what I would 
include in a zine about me. 

I would have four main categories for my zines:
Motivation, Memories, Media, Miscellaneous.

I’ll break each one down. Motivation refers to my goals and why I want to achieve them. Each issue I could include and go into detail 
about a bucket list item of mine. I’d write a quote I find motivational, and a showcase about one of my heroes I look up to. 

Memories would be the most nostalgic section. I can write about my high school friends (who I would send my zine to anyways), favorite 
Christmas presents I’ve gotten, family trips I’ve been on, personal highlights of my athletic endeavors etc. I would probably pour my 
heart into this section more than the others and would really show the reader how I’ve developed as a person. Pagan Kennedey had a 
column called "Travel Talk", in which she wrote about a road trip she and her friend took, and their adventures together. This section 
for me could be detailed stories like hers, or more general parts of my life the readers may already be familiar with.

Media would be the fun section. Mainly music, movies, and TV shows I adore would make it in. I would leave reviews of recent movies I’ve 
seen, my thoughts on the ending of Game of Thrones and Taylor Swift’s newest album. Most importantly this is a section with unbelievable 
potential for top 10 lists. Favorite action movies, Beatles songs, and reality show contestants show the reader my geeky side. There’s 
also incredible opportunity for decorating these pages. Gluing movie posters and album covers would make the written content pop. This 
would be reminiscent of Pagan's pieces about joining the Partridge Family, treating her 'zine as a "way into Wonderland". I'd love to 
get lost in my imagination of my favorite media icons.

Miscellaneous would just be a section for anything that doesn’t fit in the other categories. Life updates and what I’m looking forward to 
are easy content. Pagan writes that the most important rule of fiction is: "try not to write an autobiographical story, but if you do, 
then make sure you "write against yourself", that is, show yourself as a lose, a jerk, or whatever". I think I would try my best to write 
with a tone that shows me opening up to the world. I can say "this is what I'm all about" without fear of the judgement that comes from 
typical mainstream media formats. This is a huge appeal of the zine for me. Not that I'm particularly self-conscious about any of the 
content, but showing the world I'm a total geek through raw, ephemeral content provides me as the author a unique relationship with the 
readers.
